#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front"
Kim Lip: Today is the last shooting day.
JinSoul: Shooting for 5 days in LA!
JInSoul: Did you shoot your portion alone well today?
Choerry: Yes! Of course~
Choerry: I went somewhere and..
Choeery: There were some interesting rides~
Choerry: If someone is holding a peanut like this
Choerry: they come and eat this!
(How much does Choerry resemble a squirrel?)
Kim Lip: Cute~!
(In the morning, Choerry shot extra portion of MV in the park where many squirrels live!)
Choerry: If someone is holding a kind of food like this
Choerry: They take it!
Choerry: I know because I just saw!
Choerry: I fed the squirrel~~
Choerry: So cute~
Choerry: I bceame a friend with the squirrel!
JinSoul: I envy you~
Kim Lip: I envy you...!
JinSoul: It's our last shooting in LA, so...
Kim Lip: We'll do our best today!
JinSoul: Do our best!
Kim Lip: Let's work harder!
Kim Lip: Everyone, please look forward to it!
Choerry: Please look forward to it!
(Let's START the last day in LA!)